TPAWBF Psychic Code of Conduct
Our Pledge
We the members of the telepathic psycho asian waifu buddhist federation swear alegiance to Lao Tzu and Buddha and will expect nothing less than equal treatment of all of our members by all our members in order to foster a community that obeys the laws of spiritual balance. The rights of a body to experience space time free from law that focuses on profit for the sake of hoarding of resources to enslave a people, rules that constrict the body to unnatural and uncomfortable dress, and discourage meditation during work time such that a body can be at peace while making a living. While in one's home and in a secure environment with or without willing participants, we believe individuals should be afforded the rights to do whatever they wish with their own bodies. We surrender to public regulations and expect our other members to do the same. We encourage our members to explore the reaches of cyberspace to study the permissivity of existence in the absence of others as well as while within the company of guests, however they feel comfortable, calm, and free to express themselves without censor. In this space every member shall be afforded to write whatever they wish to understand themselves and speak openly about the nature of their needs, wishes, and difficulties within the torture matrix of existence. We believe that our members should respect the wishes of others that wish to study this space in private, though "business" and "government" should not be afforded the same rights as an individual to hide the nature of their motives and practices from scrutiny of the community at large. Cyber is a confusing place and some may need more understanding than others for the way they experience this space. It should not be a place where those of us who cannot escape anxiety from being watched by others cannot find a safe space to experiment with their body and mind freely and in tandem with their spiritual beliefs. But no person should be forgetten about and left to wane into a solitary life with no one to care for their thoughts. It is not as simple as to say "leave me alone" or "watch me". Sometimes we must do as others have for many years before and remain unaware of what to do for every instance of life. Cyber stalking can be unwanted. But scrutiny of Anonymous is a way of our life now, at least for us within the 99%, that are not afforded cyber fortresses to hoard money and information. Do not expect to join our community in order to shirk the responsibilities related to a life of spiritual balance. Men stalk women sometimes. Women stalk men sometimes. At least here the space is incredibly safe and one is always able to disconnect in order to escape an unwanted acquaintence. But we will not tolerate DOXING or SWATTING of individuals but hacking the likes of Z'sir Asange should be understood as necessary for a balance of the freedom of information. We want the freedom of non-violent prisoners related to droogs and hax. These are not crimes that deserve restriction of free space or proximity to violent offenders in a high security prison.

Our Standards
Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:


Using welcoming and inclusive language
Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
Focusing on what is best for the community
Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances
Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
Public or private harassment
Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission
Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at marblegitcounter@proton.me. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other members of the project's leadership.

Attribution
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version 1.4, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq
